feat(curriculum): add Artifact Provenance Auditor workshop (#68860)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-artifact-provenance-auditor/6a57c331ae94fa4631b60864.md

---
id: 6a57c331ae94fa4631b60864
title: Step 5
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

> Because `collection` is keyed by id, you read an artifact by putting its id in square brackets, like `collection[101]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because `collection` is keyed by id, you can access an artifact by putting its id in square brackets, like `collection[101]`.
```

> Log the `title` of the artifact with id `101`, then log that artifact's curator `name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log the `title` of the artifact with id `101`, then log the `name` of that artifact's `curator`.
```
